Fix jetty plugin documentation link (#1189)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/plugins/pages/web-session-replication.adoc

It is a container specific module that enables session replication for
JEE Web Applications without requiring changes to the application.

> See the https://jetty.org/docs/jetty/12/operations-guide/session/index.html#hazelcast[Jetty: Persistent Sessions with Hazelcast^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further information, refer to https://jetty.org/docs/jetty/12/operations-guide/session/index.html#hazelcast[Persistent Sessions with Hazelcast^] in the Jetty documentation.
```
